2.3.2 Quiz

Which personnel in a SOC is assigned the task of verifying whether an alert triggered by monitoring software represents a true security incident?
Tier 1 Personnel

After a security incident is verified in a SOC, an incident responder reviews the incident but cannot identify the source of the incident and form an effective mitigation procedure. To whom should the incident ticket be escalated?
A SME for further investigation


Which two services are provided by security operations centers? (Choose two.)
Monitoring network security threats
Managing comprehensive threat solutions


Which metric is used in SOCs to evaluate the average time that it takes to identify that valid security incidents have occurred in the network?
MTTD


Which KPI metric does SOAR use to measure the length of time that threat actors have access to a network before they are detected and the access of the threat actors stopped?
Dwell Time


What is the role of SIEM?
To analyze all the data that firewalls, network appliances, intrusion detection systems, and other devices generate and institute preventive measures


What is a characteristic of the SOAR security platform?
To include predefined playbooks that enable automatic response to specific threats


A network security professional has applied for a Tier 2 position in a SOC. What is a typical job function that would be assigned to a new employee?
Further investigating security incidents


If a SOC has a goal of 99.99% uptime, how many minutes of downtime a year would be considered within its goal?
52.56


Which organization offers the vendor-neutral CySA+ certification?
CompTIA


In the operation of a SOC, which system is frequently used to let an analyst select alerts from a pool to investigate?
Ticketing system


How can a security information and event management system in a SOC be used to help personnel fight against security threats?
By collecting and filtering data


Which three technologies should be included in a security information and event management system in a SOC? (Choose three.)
Threat intelligence
Security monitoring
Vulnerability tracking






